zoo quest ran to six series and brought
plenty of fresh supplies for David's
collection so egg I mean any points that
no no point all right well it looks like
it should come from some it's almost
extinct animal yes I actually found it
myself in bits in Madagascar EP honest
the elephant bird the heaviest bird that
ever existed and the biggest egg that
ever existed because if you got an egg
that was any bigger than that it would
have to be so thick to hold the contents
that the young chick would never be able
to hammer its way out yes validating the
process yet so how many pieces were
quite a lot I meant at 30 I think when
there was all found in one place and I
stuck him together originally with
camera tape by the early sixties David
was a well-established television
personality now it was time for
something completely different
in 1964 the BBC created a second
television channel offering a greater
choice to viewers it received a mixed
reception some of the programs were seen
as elitist and were too many repeats to
breathe life into their fledgling
Channel the management turned to a
rising young star not yet 40 years old
the new head of BBC 2 was David
Attenborough it was an invitation that
you simply couldn't refuse and you were
offered several million pounds that they
were go out and create programs and you
say well what sort of programs like it
they say that's why you've been
appointed my debtor and what's wrong
with that
what's wrong with having something
different for a change we begin by
welcoming everyone who hasn't been with
us before to late night lineup that was
a thrilling opportunity and I said
what's right well what we'll do is to
make new programmes are either subjects
or treatments in a way which no other
network has ever done we're not in the
business of producing carbon copies of
what already exists
in other areas in light entertainment we
shall continue to look for the new stars
the experimental stars that people who
try new lines and comedy like in fact
the two successes of the slip in the
likely labs and not only but also with
Peter Cook and Dudley Moore and in every
area we hope to be trying these new
things these different things it was
David who masterminded a dramatic new
look for BBC television
championship points to the third time
for labor in July 1967 he oversaw the
launch of Europe's first color
television service
it's heart and that's the Challenger
color opened up new opportunities sports
that had been meaningless of black and
white became popular viewing we may not
realize just how much David Attenborough
created the television we know today
the world about us was the first
hour-long documentary strand its success
led to greater things we just did let
ourselves go a little and set up a
program called civilization which was to
show in color all the loveliest pictures
and Luvdisc buildings in the whole of
Europe
you